Documentation NFTS pallet (#4411)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-system-chains.md

where they can transact, to mint and burn, to manage the on-chain asset.

{{ polkadot: Statemint :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Statemine :kusama }} also supports non-fungible assets

> (NFTs) via the [Uniques pallet](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/substrate/extrinsics#uniques) and the
> new [nfts pallet](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/substrate/extrinsics#nfts). For mre information about
> NFTs see the [dedicated wiki page](./learn-nft.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(NFTs) via the [Uniques pallet](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/substrate/extrinsics#uniques) and the
new [nfts pallet](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/substrate/extrinsics#nfts). For more information about
NFTs see the [dedicated wiki page](./learn-nft-pallets.md).
```
